# AddAchAccount

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApiLogin** | **string** | Web service username, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 50 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;AbC123-9999\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to AbC123-9999]
**ApiTransKey** | **string** | Web service password, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 15 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;4sb62fh6w4h7w34g\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to 4sb62fh6w4h7w34g]
**ProviderId** | **int32** | Galileo-issued provider identifier. Pattern: Max 10 digits Example: &#x60;9999&#x60; | [optional] [default to 9999]
**TransactionId** | **string** | A unique provider-generated ID to identify this API call. A UUID is preferred. This value is used for &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:idempotency\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;idempotency&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 60 characters or less Example: &#x60;\&quot;9845dk-39fdk3fj3-4483483478\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000]
**LogQueries** | **int32** |  | [optional] [default to LOG_QUERIES.0_]
**AccountNo** | **string** | The &lt;&lt;glossary:PRN&gt;&gt; or &lt;&lt;glossary:PAN&gt;&gt; of the account. Pattern: PAN or PRN  Example: &#x60;\&quot;074103447228\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 074103447228]
**Name** | **string** | Description of the external account. **Required** when &#x60;processorToken&#x60; is not populated. Pattern: Max 22 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Checking account\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Type_** | **string** | Type of the external bank account. **Required** when &#x60;processorToken&#x60; is not populated: * &#x60;C&#x60; &amp;mdash; Checking * &#x60;S&#x60; &amp;mdash; Savings * &#x60;M&#x60; &amp;mdash; Money market  Pattern: &#x60;C&#x60;, &#x60;S&#x60;, or &#x60;M&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;C\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**AchAccountNo** | **string** | External bank account number. **Required** when &#x60;processorToken&#x60; is not populated. Pattern: Max 22 digits Example: &#x60;\&quot;4483434234348\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**AchRoutingNo** | **string** | Routing number for the external bank where &#x60;achAccountNo&#x60; is housed. **Required** when &#x60;processorToken&#x60; is not populated. Pattern: 9-digit routing number, including check digit Example: &#x60;\&quot;124001545\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Location** | **string** | Unique location identifier (&#x60;location&#x60;) as returned by the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_createlocation\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Create Location&lt;/a&gt; endpoint.  This value is also returned by the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_getlocations\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Get Locations&lt;/a&gt; endpoint depending on the value of &#x60;locationType&#x60; when the location was created: * &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;2&#x60; &amp;mdash; Returned in the &#x60;location_id&#x60; field * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Returned in the &#x60;provider_specified_id&#x60; field  Pattern: Integer if &#x60;locationType: 0&#x60; or &#x60;locationType: 2&#x60;; max 15 characters if &#x60;locationType: 1&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;a455-3483\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LocationType** | **int32** | Type of ID in &#x60;location&#x60;: * &#x60;0&#x60; &amp;mdash; Galileo location ID * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Partner location ID * &#x60;2&#x60; &amp;mdash; Don&#x27;t validate  Pattern: &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;1&#x60; Example: &#x60;1&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ProcessorToken** | **string** | Obtained from Plaid if using Plaid integration. When passing this token it is not necessary to pass &#x60;achAccountNumber&#x60;, &#x60;achRoutingNumber&#x60;, &#x60;name&#x60;, or &#x60;type&#x60;. If you are not using Plaid, do not send this parameter with an empty or &#x60;null&#x60; value. Pattern: String Example: &#x60;\&quot;processor-production-35cd43b-adfc-d8aa-b331-c9ba0fdha881\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**VerifyIdentity** | **int32** | If &#x60;processorToken&#x60; is populated, pass &#x60;1&#x60; to call the Plaid identity endpoint for account-holder verification. Pattern: &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;1&#x60; Example: &#x60;0&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**FirstName** | **string** | First name(s) of the external account holder. This is a display name. Pattern: 1–40 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Maricela Elena\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LastName** | **string** | Last name(s) of the external account holder. This is a display name. Pattern: 1–40 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Garcia Castro\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**FileFirstName** | **string** | First name to include in the outgoing &lt;&lt;glossary:Nacha file&gt;&gt; instead of &#x60;firstName&#x60;. Pattern: 1–9 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Maricela\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**FileLastName** | **string** | Last name to include in the outgoing Nacha file instead of &#x60;lastName&#x60;. Pattern: 1–12 alphanumeric characters  Example: &#x60;\&quot;Garcia\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

