# CompleteEnrollment

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApiLogin** | **string** | Web service username, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 50 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;AbC123-9999\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to AbC123-9999]
**ApiTransKey** | **string** | Web service password, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 15 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;4sb62fh6w4h7w34g\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to 4sb62fh6w4h7w34g]
**ProviderId** | **int32** | Galileo-issued provider identifier. Pattern: Max 10 digits Example: &#x60;9999&#x60; | [optional] [default to 9999]
**TransactionId** | **string** | A unique provider-generated ID to identify this API call. A UUID is preferred. This value is used for &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:idempotency\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;idempotency&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 60 characters or less Example: &#x60;\&quot;9845dk-39fdk3fj3-4483483478\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000]
**LogQueries** | **int32** |  | [optional] [default to LOG_QUERIES.0_]
**Location** | **string** | Unique location identifier (&#x60;location&#x60;) as returned by the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_createlocation\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Create Location&lt;/a&gt; endpoint.  This value is also returned by the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_getlocations\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Get Locations&lt;/a&gt; endpoint depending on the value of &#x60;locationType&#x60; when the location was created: * &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;2&#x60; &amp;mdash; Returned in the &#x60;location_id&#x60; field * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Returned in the &#x60;provider_specified_id&#x60; field  Pattern: Integer if &#x60;locationType: 0&#x60; or &#x60;locationType: 2&#x60;; max 15 characters if &#x60;locationType: 1&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;a455-3483\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**AccountNo** | **string** | The &lt;&lt;glossary:PRN&gt;&gt; or &lt;&lt;glossary:PAN&gt;&gt; of the account. Pattern: PRN or PAN Example: &#x60;\&quot;074103447228\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ProdId** | **int32** | Galileo-generated identifier for a product. If this ID is for a business product then &#x60;businessName&#x60; is **required**. Pattern: Integer Example: &#x60;501&#x60; | [default to 501]
**LocationType** | **int32** | Type of ID in &#x60;location&#x60;: * &#x60;0&#x60; &amp;mdash; Galileo location ID * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Partner location ID * &#x60;2&#x60; &amp;mdash; Don&#x27;t validate  Pattern: &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;1&#x60; Example: &#x60;1&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**SharedBalance** | **int32** | Specifies whether the secondary account will share the balance of the primary account. This parameter is **required** when &#x60;primaryAccount&#x60; is populated. Do not set this parameter to &#x60;1&#x60; when &#x60;primaryAccount&#x60; is not populated. * &#x60;0&#x60; &amp;mdash; Do not share the balance * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Share the balance  Pattern: One digit Example: &#x60;1&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Offline** | **int32** | 0&#x3D;on line transaction, 1&#x3D;offline transaction Pattern: &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;1&#x60; Example: &#x60;1&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**PrimaryAccount** | **string** | &lt;&lt;glossary:PAN&gt;&gt; or &lt;&lt;glossary:PRN&gt;&gt; of the primary account to associate this account with. Populate this parameter only when creating a secondary account. Pattern: PAN or PRN Example: &#x60;\&quot;123456789012\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ExternalAccountId** | **string** | Identifier supplied by the provider, which is not related to the Galileo system. This ID is stored in the Galileo system in association with this account and can be provided in the &lt;&lt;glossary:RDF&gt;&gt;s. Pattern: Max 30 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;553b45sbs\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**EmbossLine2** | **string** | Second line to emboss on the card. Pattern: Max 28 alphanumeric characters, including hyphen (&#x60;-&#x60;) Example: &#x60;\&quot;second emboss line\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**FundingAccountNo** | **string** | PRN of the &lt;&lt;glossary:RTF&gt;&gt; funding account. **Required** if &#x60;prodId&#x60; is an RTF spending product. Pattern: 12-digit numeric string Example: &#x60;\&quot;143101204201\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

