# CreatePaymentBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApiLogin** | **string** | Web service username, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 50 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;AbC123-9999\&quot;&#x60; | [default to AbC123-9999]
**ApiTransKey** | **string** | Web service password, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 15 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;4sb62fh6w4h7w34g\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 4sb62fh6w4h7w34g]
**ProviderId** | **int32** | Galileo-issued provider identifier. Pattern: Max 10 digits Example: &#x60;9999&#x60; | [default to 9999]
**TransactionId** | **string** | A unique provider-generated ID to identify this API call. A UUID is preferred. This value is used for &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:idempotency\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;idempotency&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 60 characters or less Example: &#x60;\&quot;9845dk-39fdk3fj3-4483483478\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000]
**AccountNo** | **string** | The &lt;&lt;glossary:PRN&gt;&gt; or &lt;&lt;glossary:PAN&gt;&gt; of the account. Pattern: PAN or PRN  Example: &#x60;\&quot;074103447228\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 074103447228]
**Amount** | **float32** | Currency amount as a whole or decimal amount. Pattern: Positive integer or decimal number Example: &#x60;100.00&#x60;, &#x60;100&#x60;, or &#x60;100.73&#x60; | [default to 25.5]
**Type_** | **string** | The transaction type for the payment. Use the values provided by Galileo for your program. Pattern: 2-character alphanumeric Example: &#x60;\&quot;RL\&quot;&#x60; | [default to null]
**Description** | **string** | Description for the transaction. Pattern: 1&amp;ndash;40 alphanumeric characters, including punctuation Example: &#x60;\&quot;One-time payroll load.\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Location** | **string** | Unique location identifier (&#x60;location&#x60;) as returned by the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_createlocation\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Create Location&lt;/a&gt; endpoint.  This value is also returned by the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_getlocations\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Get Locations&lt;/a&gt; endpoint depending on the value of &#x60;locationType&#x60; when the location was created: * &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;2&#x60; &amp;mdash; Returned in the &#x60;location_id&#x60; field * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Returned in the &#x60;provider_specified_id&#x60; field  Pattern: Integer if &#x60;locationType: 0&#x60; or &#x60;locationType: 2&#x60;; max 15 characters if &#x60;locationType: 1&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;a455-3483\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LocationType** | **int32** | Type of ID in &#x60;location&#x60;: * &#x60;0&#x60; &amp;mdash; Galileo location ID * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Partner location ID * &#x60;2&#x60; &amp;mdash; Don&#x27;t validate  Pattern: &#x60;0&#x60;, &#x60;1&#x60;, or &#x60;2&#x60; Example: &#x60;0&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ProviderAssessedFee** | **float32** | Fee amount assessed by the provider. This value is passed to Galileo only for informational purposes; passing this value does not assess the fee. Pattern: Monetary amount greater than 0. Example: &#x60;2.50&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**VerifyOnly** | **int32** | If a value of &#x60;1&#x60; is passed, the parameter data will be tested only. No transaction will be committed. Pattern: &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;1&#x60; Example: &#x60;0&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **string** | Identifier for the merchant that loaded the card. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: Max 50 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;R12573L123\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Partner** | **string** | Partner providing the load request. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: Max 50 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;CardLoader Inc\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**RetailChain** | **string** | Name of the retail chain where the card was loaded. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: Max 50 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;GroceryMart\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**RetailSaleTransactionKey** | **string** | Identifier for the retail load transaction. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: Max 50 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;12345abcdef\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**StoreAddress1** | **string** | First line of the retail store address where the card was loaded. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: 4&amp;ndash;40 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;123 Elm St&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**StoreAddress2** | **string** | Second line of the retail store address where the card was loaded. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: Max 30 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;Ste 700&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**StoreCounty** | **string** | The country where the store is located. Three-digit UN M49 code, such as &#x60;840&#x60; for USA, &#x60;124&#x60; for Canada, &#x60;484&#x60; for Mexico, &#x60;170&#x60; for Colombia. Pattern: 3-digit number Example: &#x60;840&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**StoreLatitude** | **string** | Latitude for the retail store where the card was loaded. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: Positive or negative float, no limit on decimal places Example: &#x60;40.57297941556069&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**StoreLongitude** | **string** | Longitude for the retail store where the card was loaded. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: Positive or negative float, no limit on decimal places Example: &#x60;-111.89920138637734&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**StoreName** | **string** | Name of the retail store where the card was loaded. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: Max 50 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Main Street GroceryMart\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**StoreNumber** | **string** | Identifier for the retail store where the card was loaded. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: Max 50 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;13459284\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**StoreTransactionDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Date that the card was loaded. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm:ss Example: &#x60;2021-11-14 13:23:04&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**StoreCity** | **string** | City for the retail store where the card was loaded. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: Max 30 letters and spaces Example: &#x60;Salt Lake City&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**StoreState** | **string** | State for the retail store where the card was loaded. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: 2-character state or province abbreviation Example: &#x60;UT&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**StoreZipCode** | **string** | Zip code for the retail store where the card was loaded. This parameter is used by load partners only. Pattern: &#x60;12345&#x60;, &#x60;12345-1234&#x60;, or &#x60;K1A-1A1&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;84121\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**HoldAmount** | **float32** | Amount to hold. To hold the entire payment amount, this value should be the same as &#x60;amount&#x60;. Pattern: Positive integer or decimal number Example: &#x60;100.00&#x60;, &#x60;100&#x60;, or &#x60;100.73&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**HoldExpirationDateTime** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Date-time to expire the hold. Pattern: YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm:ss Example: &#x60;2021-11-14 13:23:04&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**HoldDescription** | **string** | Description for the hold. Pattern: Max 80 alphanumeric characters, including punctuation Example: &#x60;\&quot;One time payroll load.\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**HoldExternalId** | **string** | External identifier for a hold. Pattern: Max 60 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;45348bacd483348\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ReferenceId** | **string** | Network identifier for RTP payments. Pattern: Max 35 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;20230805021000021P1BRJPM00040034610\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**OriginatorName** | **string** | Debtor (individual or company) name for RTP payments. Pattern: Max 140 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;John Doe\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ReceiverName** | **string** | Creditor (individual or company) name for RTP payments. Pattern: Max 140 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Jane Smith\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

