# CreateSimulatedCardAuthBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApiLogin** | **string** | Web service username, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 50 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;AbC123-9999\&quot;&#x60; | [default to AbC123-9999]
**ApiTransKey** | **string** | Web service password, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 15 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;4sb62fh6w4h7w34g\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 4sb62fh6w4h7w34g]
**ProviderId** | **int32** | Galileo-issued provider identifier. Pattern: Max 10 digits Example: &#x60;9999&#x60; | [default to 9999]
**TransactionId** | **string** | A unique provider-generated ID to identify this API call. A UUID is preferred. This value is used for &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:idempotency\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;idempotency&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 60 characters or less Example: &#x60;\&quot;9845dk-39fdk3fj3-4483483478\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000]
**AccountNo** | **string** | The &lt;&lt;glossary:PRN&gt;&gt; or &lt;&lt;glossary:PAN&gt;&gt; of the account. Pattern: PAN or PRN  Example: &#x60;\&quot;074103447228\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 074103447228]
**Amount** | **float32** | The amount of the transaction in the currency at the point of sale. Pattern: Positive integer or decimal number Example: &#x60;100.00&#x60;, &#x60;100&#x60;, or &#x60;100.73&#x60; | [default to 25.5]
**Association** | **string** | Specifies which card network to simulate: &#x60;visa&#x60; for Visa or &#x60;star&#x60; for Star or &#x60;mc_auth&#x60; for Mastercard or &#x60;visa_baseii&#x60; for Visa Base II. Pattern: &#x60;visa&#x60; or &#x60;mc_auth&#x60; or &#x60;visa_baseii&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;visa\&quot;&#x60; | [default to ASSOCIATION.VISA]
**MerchantName** | **string** | Simulated merchant name. Pass 40 characters for the complete string or pass up to 22 characters and the simulator will add 18 characters of a simulated address. Pattern: Max 40 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Fred Jones Bagels\&quot;&#x60; | [default to Fred Jones Bagels]
**AcquirerId** | **string** | Simulated acquirer ID. If this value is not passed, the simulator inserts a random 6-digit number. Pattern: 6-digit number Example: &#x60;437723&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**TerminalId** | **string** | Simulated terminal ID. If this value is not passed, the simulator inserts a random 8-digit number. Pattern: 8-digit number Example: &#x60;57395783&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **string** | Simulated merchant ID. If this value is not passed, the simulator inserts a random 15-character alphanumeric string. Pattern: Max 15 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;asdf45sdf6sd3d0a\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CurrencyCode** | **string** | The currency code for &#x60;amount&#x60;. Use ISO 4217 numeric currency codes. This parameter is required when using this endpoint outside the United States. Pattern: 3 digits Example: &#x60;\&quot;840\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**SettleAmount** | **float32** | The amount to be transferred from merchant to issuer in the settlement currency. Required when &#x60;specialFunctions: make_multicurrency&#x60; Pattern: Positive integer or decimal number Example: &#x60;100.00&#x60;, &#x60;100&#x60;, or &#x60;100.73&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**SettleCurrencyCode** | **string** | The currency code for &#x60;settleAmount&#x60;. Use ISO 4217 numeric currency codes. Required when &#x60;specialFunctions: make_multicurrency&#x60;. Pattern: 3 digits Example: &#x60;\&quot;124\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CardBillingAmount** | **float32** | The amount that will be posted to the cardholder account in the currency of the account. Required when &#x60;specialFunctions: make_multicurrency&#x60;. Pattern: Positive integer or decimal number Example: &#x60;100.00&#x60;, &#x60;100&#x60;, or &#x60;100.73&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CardBillingCurrencyCode** | **string** | The currency code for &#x60;cardBillingAmount&#x60;. Use ISO 4217 numeric currency codes. Required when &#x60;specialFunctions: make_multicurrency&#x60;. Pattern: 3 digits Example: &#x60;484&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Mcc** | **string** | ISO 18245 merchant category code. Pattern: 4 digits Example: &#x60;3408&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**OriginalAuthId** | **string** | The &#x60;auth_id&#x60; of the previous authorization in a series, such as with a completion, reversal or incremental authorization. Required when &#x60;transType&#x60; is &#x60;3&#x60;, &#x60;4&#x60;, &#x60;5&#x60; or &#x60;6&#x60; (Visa) or &#x60;3&#x60; (Mastercard) or &#x60;4&#x60;, &#x60;5&#x60;, &#x60;6&#x60; (Star). Pattern: Numerals Example: &#x60;30582&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**SpecialFunctions** | **string** | Additional function to add to the simulated transaction. See the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-functions\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Special Functions&lt;/a&gt; enumeration for valid values.  Pattern: Max 100 characters Example &#x60;\&quot;add_cashback\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**PosEntryMode** | **string** | The first two characters of DE022. Specifies how the PAN was entered, such as magnetic stripe, EMV chip or contactless. See &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-de022-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;DE022 Codes&lt;/a&gt; for possible values. Valid only when &#x60;association: visa&#x60;. Pattern: 2 characters Example: &#x60;01&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**RequesterId** | **string** | An identifier for the entity that makes a tokenization request. Required when &#x60;specialFunctions: make_tokenized&#x60;. Pattern: Numerals Example: &#x60;3030303&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**WalletId** | **string** | Identifier for the mobile wallet that contains the card that was used for the transaction. Required when &#x60;association: mc_auth&#x60; and &#x60;specialFunctions: make_tokenized&#x60;. Pattern: Numerals Example: &#x60;474747474&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LatitudeAndLongitude** | **string** | The latitude and longitude of the point of sale. Valid only when &#x60;association: visa&#x60; and &#x60;transType: 17&#x60;. Default: &#x60;40.76078/-111.89105&#x60; (Salt Lake City, UT) Pattern: 99.99999/-99.99999 Example: &#x60;\&quot;40.76078/-111.89105\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**PartialAmount** | **float32** | Amount of a partial authorization.  Valid only when &#x60;association: mc_auth&#x60; and &#x60;specialFunctions: make_partial_reversal&#x60;.  Pattern: Integer or decimal amount Example:  &#x60;100.00&#x60;, &#x60;100&#x60;, or &#x60;100.73&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**PartialForeignAmount** | **float32** | Amount of a partial authorization when the point of sale is a different country than the account. Valid only when &#x60;association: mc_auth&#x60; and &#x60;specialFunctions: make_partial_reversal&#x60;. Pattern: Integer or decimal amount Example:  &#x60;100.00&#x60;, &#x60;100&#x60;, or &#x60;100.73&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CashbackAmount** | **float32** | Amount in &#x60;localAmt&#x60; that is provided in cash (debit accounts only). Valid only when &#x60;association: mc_auth&#x60; and &#x60;specialFunctions: make_cashback&#x60;. Debit accounts only. Pattern: Integer or decimal amount Example: &#x60;100.00&#x60;, &#x60;100&#x60;, or &#x60;100.73&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CashAdvanceAmount** | **float32** | Amount in &#x60;localAmt&#x60; that is provided in cash (credit accounts only). Valid only when &#x60;association: mc_auth&#x60; and &#x60;specialFunctions: make_cashback&#x60;.  Credit accounts only. Pattern: Positive integer or decimal number Example: &#x60;100.00&#x60;, &#x60;100&#x60;, or &#x60;100.73&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Pin** | **string** | Personal identification number. Valid when testing a PIN transaction, meaning that &#x60;transType: 15&#x60; or &#x60;specialFunctions: add_pin&#x60; (Visa) or when &#x60;transType: 10&#x60; (Mastercard). Passing a value changes the PIN that you already set for the card. Pattern: 4 digits Example: &#x60;4395&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**TransType** | **int32** | The type of transaction to simulate. See the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-simulated-transaction-types\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Simulated Transaction Types&lt;/a&gt; enumeration for valid values. Pattern: 1 or 2 digits Example: &#x60;3&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

