# CreateVirtualCardBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApiLogin** | **string** | Web service username, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 50 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;AbC123-9999\&quot;&#x60; | [default to AbC123-9999]
**ApiTransKey** | **string** | Web service password, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 15 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;4sb62fh6w4h7w34g\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 4sb62fh6w4h7w34g]
**ProviderId** | **int32** | Galileo-issued provider identifier. Pattern: Max 10 digits Example: &#x60;9999&#x60; | [default to 9999]
**TransactionId** | **string** | A unique provider-generated ID to identify this API call. A UUID is preferred. This value is used for &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:idempotency\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;idempotency&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 60 characters or less Example: &#x60;\&quot;9845dk-39fdk3fj3-4483483478\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000]
**ProdId** | **int32** | Galileo-generated identifier for a product. If this ID is for a business product then &#x60;businessName&#x60; is **required**. Pattern: Integer Example: &#x60;501&#x60; | [default to 501]
**Id** | **string** | The value of the primary identifier that is specified in &#x60;idType&#x60;. Product settings determine whether this ID should be unique across the program or product. This parameter is **required** when using Galileo&#x27;s integrated &lt;&lt;glossary:CIP&gt;&gt; solution. Pattern: As specified in the **Layout** column of the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-customer-id-types\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Customer ID Types&lt;/a&gt; enumeration Example: &#x60;\&quot;123456789\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**IdType** | **int32** | Specifies the type of primary identifier in the &#x60;id&#x60; parameter.  This parameter is **required** when &#x60;id&#x60; is populated. See the **ID** column in the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-customer-id-types\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Customer ID Types&lt;/a&gt; table for valid values. Pattern: 1- or 2-digit integer Example: &#x60;2&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Id2** | **string** | The value of the secondary identifier that is specified in &#x60;idType2&#x60;. Pattern: As specified in the **Layout** column of the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-customer-id-types\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Customer ID Types&lt;/a&gt; enumeration Example: &#x60;\&quot;123456789012|UT|12/25/2020\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**IdType2** | **int32** | Specifies the type of secondary identifier in the &#x60;id2&#x60; parameter. This parameter is **required** when &#x60;id2&#x60; is populated. See the **ID** column in the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-customer-id-types\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Customer ID Types&lt;/a&gt; table for valid values. Pattern: 1- or 2-digit integer Example: &#x60;1&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Locale** | **string** | The account holder language and localization preference. Default is &#x60;en_US&#x60;. Valid values are &#x60;en_US&#x60;, &#x60;es_US&#x60;, &#x60;fr_CA&#x60;, &#x60;en_CA&#x60;, &#x60;es_MX&#x60;, &#x60;en_MX&#x60;. If the account holder address is outside the U.S., pass a non &#x60;_US&#x60; value for this parameter to disable U.S. address validation. Pattern: Letters with underscore Example: &#x60;\&quot;en_US\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**FirstName** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s first name. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Special character support&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 1&amp;ndash;40 characters: letters (&#x60;A-Z&#x60;, &#x60;a-z&#x60;), spaces, hyphens (&#x60;-&#x60;) and single quotes (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;) Example: &#x60;\&quot;Ed\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**MiddleName** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s middle name. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Special character support&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 1&amp;ndash;40 characters: letters (&#x60;A-Z&#x60;, &#x60;a-z&#x60;), spaces, hyphens (&#x60;-&#x60;) and single quotes (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;) Example: &#x60;\&quot;W\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LastName** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s last name. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Special character support&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 1&amp;ndash;40 characters: letters (&#x60;A-Z&#x60;, &#x60;a-z&#x60;), spaces, hyphens (&#x60;-&#x60;) and single quotes (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;) Example: &#x60;\&quot;Harley\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**DateOfBirth** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Account holder&#x27;s birth date. This date is compared with the DOB product parameter when there is a minimum age requirement on the account. Pattern: YYYY-MM-DD Example: &#x60;\&quot;1980-01-01\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Address1** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s first address line. Cannot be a P.O. box. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-address1-validation\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Validation rules for &#x60;address1&#x60;&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 4&amp;ndash;40 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;33 Maple Street\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Address2** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s second address line. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters#address-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Character set&lt;/a&gt; for address lines.  Pattern: Max 40 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;#4B\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Address3** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s third address line. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters#address-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Character set&lt;/a&gt; for address lines.  Pattern: Max 30 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Carrera Central\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Address4** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s fourth address line. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters#address-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Character set&lt;/a&gt; for address lines.  Pattern: Max 30 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Barrio El Alhambra\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Address5** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s fifth address line. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters#address-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Character set&lt;/a&gt; for address lines.  Pattern: Max 30 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Piso 3\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**City** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s city. Pattern: Max 30 characters: letters, spaces, hyphen and period Example: &#x60;\&quot;Salt Lake City\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**State** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s state or province. Pattern: 2,3-character state or province abbreviation Example: &#x60;\&quot;UT\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**PostalCode** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s postal code (ZIP code). Pattern: &#x60;12345&#x60;, &#x60;12345-1234&#x60;, or &#x60;K1A-1A1&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;84121\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CountryCode** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s country. Three-digit UN M49 code, such as &#x60;840&#x60; for USA, &#x60;124&#x60; for Canada, &#x60;484&#x60; for Mexico, &#x60;170&#x60; for Colombia. Pattern: 3-digit number Example: &#x60;\&quot;840\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**PrimaryPhone** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s primary phone number. Pattern: Validation according to the value in &#x60;mobilePhoneCountryCode&#x60;. Example: &#x60;\&quot;8013656060\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**OtherPhone** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s secondary phone number. Pattern: Validation according to the value in &#x60;mobilePhoneCountryCode&#x60;. Example: &#x60;\&quot;8013656060\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**MobilePhone** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s mobile phone number. Pattern: Validation according to the value in &#x60;mobilePhoneCountryCode&#x60;. Example: &#x60;\&quot;8013656060\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**MobileCarrierId** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s mobile carrier. Configurable list. Pattern: Configurable list Example: &#x60;\&quot;8\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Email** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s email. The Python implementation uses Marshmallow validation for this field. For the PHP implementation, contact Galileo. Pattern: Email address, 3&amp;ndash;63 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;user@fakedomain.com\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**WebUid** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s username for the Galileo-hosted website. Must be unique across the program. Pattern: Alphanumeric, with first character a letter; case insensitive Example: &#x60;\&quot;eharley\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**WebPwd** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s password for the Galileo-hosted website. Pattern: Min 8 characters: must include upper-case character, lower-case character, and a number Example: &#x60;\&quot;4j9KH3kkdh\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**SecretQuestion** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s secret question for the Galileo-hosted website. Pattern: Max 50 characters: letters, spaces, &#x60;?&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;What was the name of your first pet?\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**SecretAnswer** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s answer to &#x60;secretQuestion&#x60;. Pattern: Max 50 characters: letters, spaces, &#x60;?&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;Larry\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LoadAmount** | **float32** | Currency amount passed as a whole or decimal amount. Initial load amount on a card must be within product load limits or be the designated amount for an instant-issue card. Pattern: Positive integer or decimal number Example: &#x60;100.00&#x60;, &#x60;100&#x60;  or &#x60;100.73&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LoadType** | **string** | Transaction type for the &#x60;loadAmount&#x60;. Use values from your Galileo-supplied list of load types. If no &#x60;loadType&#x60; is specified, the default type &#x60;RL&#x60; is used. Pattern: 2 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;RL\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ExternalAccountId** | **string** | Identifier supplied by the provider, which is not related to the Galileo system. This ID is stored in the Galileo system in association with this account and can be provided in the &lt;&lt;glossary:RDF&gt;&gt;s. Pattern: Max 30 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;553b45sbs\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**PrimaryAccount** | **string** | &lt;&lt;glossary:PAN&gt;&gt; or &lt;&lt;glossary:PRN&gt;&gt; of the primary account to associate this account with. Populate this parameter only when creating a secondary account. Pattern: PAN or PRN Example: &#x60;\&quot;123456789012\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**SharedBalance** | **int32** | Specifies whether the secondary account will share the balance of the primary account. This parameter is **required** when &#x60;primaryAccount&#x60; is populated. Do not set this parameter to &#x60;1&#x60; when &#x60;primaryAccount&#x60; is not populated. * &#x60;0&#x60; &amp;mdash; Do not share the balance * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Share the balance  Pattern: One digit Example: &#x60;1&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**UserData** | **string** | Data supplied by the provider, from sources external to the Galileo system. This data will be stored in the Galileo system in association with this account. The most common use of this parameter is to track affiliate-marketing traffic. The data in this field can be added to an &lt;&lt;glossary:RDF&gt;&gt;. Pattern: Max 50 alphanumeric characters and spaces Example: &#x60;\&quot;a4434gg44\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**VerifyOnly** | **int32** | Pass &#x60;1&#x60; to test the validity of the parameter data without committing the information to the Galileo system. Pattern: &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;1&#x60; Example: &#x60;1&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LoadFromAccountNo** | **string** | To load funds into the account at the time of account creation, specify the &lt;&lt;glossary:PAN&gt;&gt; or &lt;&lt;glossary:PRN&gt;&gt; of the source account for the funds. This account must be in the same program as the account being created. Pattern: PAN or PRN Example: &#x60;\&quot;074103447228\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**SweepDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The last date that a daily sweep should be performed. This parameter is valid only if account sweeping is configured for the product. Pattern: YYYY-MM-DD Example: &#x60;\&quot;2016-01-01\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditLimit** | **float64** | Credit limit for card based spending control (currently only available for credit processing). Pattern: Monetary amount greater than 0. Example: &#x60;500.25&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**SingleUse** | **string** | Spending control parameter that flags card for one purchasing transaction (currently only available for credit processing). Pattern: &#x60;Y&#x60; or &#x60;N&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;Y\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**BusinessName** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s business name. This field is **required** if &#x60;prodId&#x60; is a business product. Pattern: 2-150 characters. See the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters#businessname-parameter\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;supported character set&lt;/a&gt;. Example: &#x60;\&quot;Ed%26Ted\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**MobilePhoneCountryCode** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s mobile phone country code. Pattern: A plus sign followed by 1–3 digits. See &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-phone-validation\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Phone Validation&lt;/a&gt; for valid values.  Example: &#x60;\&quot;+1\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

