# ModifyLocationRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApiLogin** | **string** | Web service username, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 50 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;AbC123-9999\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to AbC123-9999]
**ApiTransKey** | **string** | Web service password, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 15 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;4sb62fh6w4h7w34g\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to 4sb62fh6w4h7w34g]
**ProviderId** | **int32** | Galileo-issued provider identifier. Pattern: Max 10 digits Example: &#x60;9999&#x60; | [optional] [default to 9999]
**TransactionId** | **string** | A unique provider-generated ID to identify this API call. A UUID is preferred. This value is used for &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:idempotency\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;idempotency&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 60 characters or less Example: &#x60;\&quot;9845dk-39fdk3fj3-4483483478\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000]
**LogQueries** | **int32** |  | [optional] [default to LOG_QUERIES.0_]
**Name** | **string** | The name of the location. Pattern: Max 85 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;ABC Store #5\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Address1** | **string** | First address line of the location. Pattern: 4&amp;ndash;40 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;33 Maple Street\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Address2** | **string** | Second address line of the location. Pattern: Max 30 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;#4B\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**City** | **string** | City for the location. Pattern: Max 30 characters: letters, spaces, hyphen and period Example: &#x60;\&quot;Salt Lake City\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**State** | **string** | State or province for the location. Pattern: 2-character state or province abbreviation Example: &#x60;\&quot;UT\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**PostalCode** | **string** | Postal (ZIP) code for the location. Pattern: &#x60;12345&#x60;, &#x60;12345-1234&#x60;, &#x60;K1A-1A1&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;84121\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CountryCode** | **string** | Country for the location. Three-digit UN M49 code, such as &#x60;840&#x60; for USA, &#x60;124&#x60; for Canada, &#x60;484&#x60; for Mexico, &#x60;170&#x60; for Colombia. Pattern: Three-digit country code Example: &#x60;\&quot;840\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Phone** | **string** | Phone number of the location. Pattern: Exactly 10 digits, no hyphens or other characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;8013656060\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Location** | **string** | Unique location identifier (&#x60;location&#x60;) as returned by the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_createlocation\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Create Location&lt;/a&gt; endpoint.  This value is also returned by the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_getlocations\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Get Locations&lt;/a&gt; endpoint depending on the value of &#x60;locationType&#x60; when the location was created: * &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;2&#x60; &amp;mdash; Returned in the &#x60;location_id&#x60; field * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Returned in the &#x60;provider_specified_id&#x60; field  Pattern: Integer if &#x60;locationType: 0&#x60; or &#x60;locationType: 2&#x60;; max 15 characters if &#x60;locationType: 1&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;a455-3483\&quot;&#x60; | [default to a455-3483]
**LocationType** | **string** | Type of ID in &#x60;location&#x60;: * &#x60;0&#x60; &amp;mdash; Galileo location ID * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Partner location ID * &#x60;2&#x60; &amp;mdash; Don&#x27;t validate  Pattern: &#x60;0&#x60;, &#x60;1&#x60;, or &#x60;2&#x60; Example: &#x60;0&#x60; | [default to 0]
**ProviderSpecifiedId** | **string** | The provider-supplied identifier for a location, when &#x60;parentLocationType: 1&#x60;. Pattern: Max 15 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;abc-123\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CentralBillFlag** | **string** | Controls whether there is one centralized billing for all invoice records attached to the location: * &#x60;0&#x60; &amp;mdash; No centralized billing * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Centralized billing  Pattern: &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;1&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;0\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditLimit** | **float32** | The credit limit to set for this location. Pattern: Positive decimal number Example: &#x60;10000.00&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CycleType** | **string** | The time period for the cycle. This parameter works in conjunction with the &#x60;cycleInvoice&#x60; parameter. Valid values are &#x60;daily&#x60;, &#x60;weekly&#x60; and &#x60;monthly&#x60;. Pattern: Alphabetic string Example: &#x60;\&quot;Weekly\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CycleInvoice** | **string** | Specifies when to begin the cycle specified in &#x60;cycleType&#x60;. If &#x60;cycleType&#x60; is: * &#x60;weekly&#x60; &amp;mdash; Specify a number for the day of the week, with &#x60;0&#x60; meaning Sunday * &#x60;monthly&#x60; &amp;mdash; Specify a day of the month from &#x60;1-28&#x60; * &#x60;daily&#x60; &amp;mdash; Pass &#x60;1&#x60;  Pattern: Integer &#x60;0-28&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;6\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CycleStart** | **string** | The day of the week or day of the month that the invoice cycle begins, with &#x60;1&#x60; meaning Monday and &#x60;7&#x60; meaning Sunday. Pattern: Integer &#x60;0-28&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;6\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LocationAchAccountNo** | **string** | Account number for the ACH account to associate with this location. Pattern: Max 22 digits Example: &#x60;\&quot;4483434234348\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LocationAchRoutingNo** | **string** | Routing number for the bank where &#x60;locationAchAccountNo&#x60; is located. Pattern: 9-digit routing number including the check digit Example: &#x60;\&quot;124001545\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** | Location status. Default &#x60;N&#x60;: * &#x60;C&#x60; &amp;mdash; Closed * &#x60;N&#x60; &amp;mdash; Active * &#x60;S&#x60; &amp;mdash; Suspended * &#x60;n&#x60; &amp;mdash; New  Pattern: Single character, case-sensitive Example: &#x60;\&quot;N\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**StoreType** | **string** | The store or location type. Default &#x60;5&#x60;: * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Corporate * &#x60;2&#x60; &amp;mdash; Chain * &#x60;3&#x60; &amp;mdash; Reseller * &#x60;4&#x60; &amp;mdash; Region * &#x60;5&#x60; &amp;mdash; Store  Pattern: Single digit or &#x60;null&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;5\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to STORE_TYPE.NULL]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

