# ModifyAchAccountBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApiLogin** | **string** | Web service username, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 50 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;AbC123-9999\&quot;&#x60; | [default to AbC123-9999]
**ApiTransKey** | **string** | Web service password, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 15 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;4sb62fh6w4h7w34g\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 4sb62fh6w4h7w34g]
**ProviderId** | **int32** | Galileo-issued provider identifier. Pattern: Max 10 digits Example: &#x60;9999&#x60; | [default to 9999]
**TransactionId** | **string** | A unique provider-generated ID to identify this API call. A UUID is preferred. This value is used for &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:idempotency\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;idempotency&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 60 characters or less Example: &#x60;\&quot;9845dk-39fdk3fj3-4483483478\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000]
**AccountNo** | **string** | The &lt;&lt;glossary:PRN&gt;&gt; or &lt;&lt;glossary:PAN&gt;&gt; of the account. Pattern: PAN or PRN  Example: &#x60;\&quot;074103447228\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 074103447228]
**AchAccountId** | **int32** | ACH account identifier (&#x60;ach_account_id&#x60;), as returned by the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_addachaccount\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Add ACH Account&lt;/a&gt; or &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_getachaccounts\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Get ACH Accounts&lt;/a&gt; endpoint. Pattern: Positive integer Example: &#x60;354656&#x60; | [default to 354656]
**Name** | **string** | The display name of the ACH account. Pattern: Alphanumeric string, max 22 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Checking account\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Type_** | **string** | Type of the external bank account: * &#x60;C&#x60; &amp;mdash; Checking * &#x60;S&#x60; &amp;mdash; Savings * &#x60;M&#x60; &amp;mdash; Money market  Pattern: &#x60;C&#x60;, &#x60;S&#x60;, or &#x60;M&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;C\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**AchAccountNo** | **string** | External bank account number. Pattern: Max 22 digits Example: &#x60;\&quot;4483434234348\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**AchRoutingNo** | **string** | Routing number for the external bank where &#x60;achAccountNo&#x60; is housed. Pattern: 9-digit routing number, including check digit Example: &#x60;\&quot;124001545\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**EntityType** | **string** | Specifies the type of ACH account to modify: individual (&#x60;I&#x60;) or company (&#x60;C&#x60;). &#x60;C&#x60; is valid only when BTBPG is set at the program level and when the ACH account was created using the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_addachaccountcorporate\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Add ACH Account Corporate&lt;/a&gt; endpoint. When this value is &#x60;I&#x60; then &#x60;firstName&#x60; and &#x60;lastName&#x60; are required. When this value is &#x60;C&#x60; then &#x60;companyName&#x60; is required. Pattern: &#x60;C&#x60; or &#x60;I&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;C\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**FirstName** | **string** | First name(s) of the external account holder. Required when &#x60;entityType: I&#x60;. This is a display name. Pattern: 1–40 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Maricela Elena\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LastName** | **string** | Last name(s) of the external account holder. Required when &#x60;entityType: I&#x60;. This is a display name. Pattern: 1–40 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Garcia Castro\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**FileFirstName** | **string** | First name to include in the outgoing &lt;&lt;glossary:Nacha file&gt;&gt; instead of &#x60;firstName&#x60;. Pattern: 1–9 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Maricela\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**FileLastName** | **string** | Last name to include in the outgoing Nacha file instead of &#x60;lastName&#x60;. Pattern: 1–12 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Garcia\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CompanyName** | **string** | Name of the external corporate account holder. Required when &#x60;entityType: C&#x60;.  This is a display name. Pattern: 1–40 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Mountain Star Utilities\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**FileCompanyName** | **string** | Company name to include in the outgoing Nacha file instead of &#x60;companyName&#x60;. Pattern: 1–20 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;MountainStarUtil\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Location** | **string** | Unique location identifier (&#x60;location&#x60;) as returned by the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_createlocation\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Create Location&lt;/a&gt; endpoint.  This value is also returned by the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_getlocations\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Get Locations&lt;/a&gt; endpoint depending on the value of &#x60;locationType&#x60; when the location was created: * &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;2&#x60; &amp;mdash; Returned in the &#x60;location_id&#x60; field * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Returned in the &#x60;provider_specified_id&#x60; field  Pattern: Integer if &#x60;locationType: 0&#x60; or &#x60;locationType: 2&#x60;; max 15 characters if &#x60;locationType: 1&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;a455-3483\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LocationType** | **int32** | Type of ID in &#x60;location&#x60;: * &#x60;0&#x60; &amp;mdash; Galileo location ID * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Partner location ID * &#x60;2&#x60; &amp;mdash; Don&#x27;t validate  Pattern: &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;1&#x60; Example: &#x60;1&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

