# UpdateAccountRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApiLogin** | **string** | Web service username, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 50 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;AbC123-9999\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to AbC123-9999]
**ApiTransKey** | **string** | Web service password, as provided by Galileo. Pattern: Max 15 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;4sb62fh6w4h7w34g\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to 4sb62fh6w4h7w34g]
**ProviderId** | **int32** | Galileo-issued provider identifier. Pattern: Max 10 digits Example: &#x60;9999&#x60; | [optional] [default to 9999]
**TransactionId** | **string** | A unique provider-generated ID to identify this API call. A UUID is preferred. This value is used for &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:idempotency\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;idempotency&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 60 characters or less Example: &#x60;\&quot;9845dk-39fdk3fj3-4483483478\&quot;&#x60; | [default to 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000]
**LogQueries** | **int32** |  | [optional] [default to LOG_QUERIES.0_]
**AccountNo** | **string** | The &lt;&lt;glossary:PRN&gt;&gt; or &lt;&lt;glossary:PAN&gt;&gt; of the account. Pattern: PAN or PRN Example: &#x60;\&quot;074103447228\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**IdType** | **int32** | Specifies the type of primary identifier in the &#x60;id&#x60; parameter.  This parameter is **required** when &#x60;id&#x60; is populated. See the **ID** column in the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-customer-id-types\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Customer ID Types&lt;/a&gt; table for valid values. Pattern: 1- or 2-digit integer Example: &#x60;2&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Id** | **string** | The value of the primary identifier that is specified in &#x60;idType&#x60;. Product settings determine whether this ID should be unique across the program or product. This parameter is **required** when using Galileo&#x27;s integrated &lt;&lt;glossary:CIP&gt;&gt; solution. Pattern: As specified in the **Layout** column of the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-customer-id-types\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Customer ID Types&lt;/a&gt; enumeration Example: &#x60;\&quot;123456789\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**IdType2** | **int32** | Specifies the type of secondary identifier in the &#x60;id2&#x60; parameter. This parameter is **required** when &#x60;id2&#x60; is populated. See the **ID** column in the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-customer-id-types\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Customer ID Types&lt;/a&gt; table for valid values. Pattern: 1- or 2-digit integer Example: &#x60;1&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Id2** | **string** | The value of the secondary identifier that is specified in &#x60;idType2&#x60;. Pattern: As specified in the **Layout** column of the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-customer-id-types\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Customer ID Types&lt;/a&gt; enumeration Example: &#x60;\&quot;123456789012|UT|12/25/2020\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LocationType** | **int32** | Type of ID in &#x60;location&#x60;: * &#x60;0&#x60; &amp;mdash; Galileo location ID * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Partner location ID * &#x60;2&#x60; &amp;mdash; Don&#x27;t validate  Pattern: &#x60;0&#x60;, &#x60;1&#x60;, or &#x60;2&#x60; Example: &#x60;0&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Location** | **string** | Unique location identifier (&#x60;location&#x60;) as returned by the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_createlocation\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Create Location&lt;/a&gt; endpoint.  This value is also returned by the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:post_getlocations\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Get Locations&lt;/a&gt; endpoint depending on the value of &#x60;locationType&#x60; when the location was created: * &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;2&#x60; &amp;mdash; Returned in the &#x60;location_id&#x60; field * &#x60;1&#x60; &amp;mdash; Returned in the &#x60;provider_specified_id&#x60; field  Pattern: Integer if &#x60;locationType: 0&#x60; or &#x60;locationType: 2&#x60;; max 15 characters if &#x60;locationType: 1&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;a455-3483\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Locale** | **string** | The account holder language and localization preference. Default is &#x60;en_US&#x60;. Valid values are &#x60;en_US&#x60;, &#x60;es_US&#x60;, &#x60;fr_CA&#x60;, &#x60;en_CA&#x60;, &#x60;es_MX&#x60;, &#x60;en_MX&#x60;. If the account holder address is outside the U.S., pass a non &#x60;_US&#x60; value for this parameter to disable U.S. address validation. Pattern: Letters with underscore Example: &#x60;\&quot;en_US\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ExternalAccountId** | **string** | Identifier supplied by the provider, which is not related to the Galileo system. This ID is stored in the Galileo system in association with this account and can be provided in the &lt;&lt;glossary:RDF&gt;&gt;s. Pattern: Max 30 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;553b45sbs\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**FirstName** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s first name. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Special character support&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 1&amp;ndash;40 characters: letters (&#x60;A-Z&#x60;, &#x60;a-z&#x60;), spaces, hyphens (&#x60;-&#x60;) and single quotes (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;) Example: &#x60;\&quot;Ed\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**MiddleName** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s middle name. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Special character support&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 1&amp;ndash;40 characters: letters (&#x60;A-Z&#x60;, &#x60;a-z&#x60;), spaces, hyphens (&#x60;-&#x60;) and single quotes (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;) Example: &#x60;\&quot;W\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**LastName** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s last name. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Special character support&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 1&amp;ndash;40 characters: letters (&#x60;A-Z&#x60;, &#x60;a-z&#x60;), spaces, hyphens (&#x60;-&#x60;) and single quotes (&#x60;&#x27;&#x60;) Example: &#x60;\&quot;Harley\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**DateOfBirth** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Account holder&#x27;s birth date. This date is compared with the DOB product parameter when there is a minimum age requirement on the account. Pattern: YYYY-MM-DD Example: &#x60;\&quot;1980-01-01\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Address1** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s first address line. Cannot be a P.O. box. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-address1-validation\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Validation rules for &#x60;address1&#x60;&lt;/a&gt;. Pattern: 4&amp;ndash;40 alphanumeric characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;33 Maple Street\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Address2** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s second address line. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters#address-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Character set&lt;/a&gt; for address lines.  Pattern: Max 40 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;#4B\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Address3** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s third address line. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters#address-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Character set&lt;/a&gt; for address lines.  Pattern: Max 30 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Carrera Central\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Address4** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s fourth address line. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters#address-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Character set&lt;/a&gt; for address lines.  Pattern: Max 30 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Barrio El Alhambra\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Address5** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s fifth address line. &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters#address-characters\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Character set&lt;/a&gt; for address lines.  Pattern: Max 30 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Piso 3\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**City** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s city. Pattern: Max 30 characters: letters, spaces, hyphen and period Example: &#x60;\&quot;Salt Lake City\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**State** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s state or province. Pattern: 2,3-character state or province abbreviation Example: &#x60;\&quot;UT\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**PostalCode** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s postal code (ZIP code). Pattern: &#x60;1234&#x60;, &#x60;12345&#x60;, &#x60;12345-1234&#x60;, or &#x60;K1A-1A1&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;84121\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CountryCode** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s country. Three-digit UN M49 code, such as &#x60;840&#x60; for USA, &#x60;124&#x60; for Canada, &#x60;484&#x60; for Mexico, &#x60;170&#x60; for Colombia. Pattern: 3-digit number Example: &#x60;\&quot;840\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**PrimaryPhone** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s primary phone number. Pattern: Exactly 10 digits, no hyphens or other characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;8013656060\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**OtherPhone** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s primary phone number. Pattern: Exactly 10 digits, no hyphens or other characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;8013656060\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**MobilePhone** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s primary phone number. Pattern: Exactly 10 digits, no hyphens or other characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;8013656060\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**MobileCarrierId** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s mobile carrier. Configurable list. Pattern: Configurable list Example: &#x60;\&quot;8\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Email** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s email. The Python implementation uses Marshmallow validation for this field. For the PHP implementation, contact Galileo. Pattern: Email address, 3&amp;ndash;63 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;user@fakedomain.com\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**WebUid** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s username for the Galileo-hosted website. Must be unique across the program. Pattern: Alphanumeric, with first character a letter; case insensitive Example: &#x60;\&quot;eharley\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**WebPwd** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s password for the Galileo-hosted website. Pattern: Min 8 characters: must include upper-case character, lower-case character, and a number Example: &#x60;\&quot;4j9KH3kkdh\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**SecretQuestion** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s secret question for the Galileo-hosted website. Pattern: Max 50 characters: letters, spaces, &#x60;?&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;What was the name of your first pet?\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**SecretAnswer** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s answer to &#x60;secretQuestion&#x60;. Pattern: Max 50 characters: letters, spaces, &#x60;?&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;Larry\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**IncomeSource** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s employer name or income source. Pattern: Max 60 characters: alphanumeric, space, underscore, hyphen, period, &#x60;@&#x60;, &#x60;&amp;&#x60; and comma. Example: &#x60;\&quot;Kroger Food &amp; Drug\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**Occupation** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s occupation. Pattern: Max 60 characters: alphanumeric, space, underscore, hyphen, period, &#x60;@&#x60;, &#x60;&amp;&#x60; and comma. Example: &#x60;\&quot;Project Manager\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**MailBounced** | **string** | &#x60;Y&#x60; indicates that mail has been returned to sender. Pattern: &#x60;Y&#x60; or &#x60;N&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;Y\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ShipToAddress1** | **string** | First ship-to address line. Pattern: Max 40 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;33 business parkway\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ShipToAddress2** | **string** | Second ship-to address line. Pattern: Max 30 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Suite 400\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ShipToCity** | **string** | Ship-to city. Pattern: Max 30 characters Example: &#x60;\&quot;Salt Lake City\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ShipToState** | **string** | Ship-to state. Pattern: 2,3-character state or province abbreviation Example: &#x60;\&quot;UT\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ShipToPostalCode** | **string** | Ship-to ZIP or postal code. Pattern: &#x60;1234&#x60;, &#x60;12345&#x60;, &#x60;12345-1234&#x60;, &#x60;K1A-1A1&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;841213333\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ShipToCountryCode** | **string** | Ship-to country. Three-digit UN M49 country code, such as &#x60;840&#x60; for USA, &#x60;124&#x60; for Canada, &#x60;484&#x60; for Mexico, &#x60;170&#x60; for Colombia. Pattern: 3-digit number Example: &#x60;\&quot;840\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**ShipToAddressPermanent** | **string** | Pass &#x60;1&#x60; to always ship cards to the ship-to address instead of one time only. Pattern: &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;1&#x60; Example: &#x60;\&quot;1\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**EmbossLine2** | **string** | Second line to emboss on the card. Pattern: Max 28 alphanumeric characters, including hyphen (&#x60;-&#x60;) Example: &#x60;\&quot;second emboss line\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**BusinessName** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s business name. This field is **required** if &#x60;prodId&#x60; is a business product. Pattern: 2-150 characters. See the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-special-characters#businessname-parameter\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;supported character set&lt;/a&gt;. Example: &#x60;\&quot;Ed%26Ted\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**MobilePhoneCountryCode** | **string** | Account holder&#x27;s mobile phone country code. Pattern: A plus sign followed by 1–3 digits. See &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;ref:api-reference-phone-validation\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Phone Validation&lt;/a&gt; for valid values.  Example: &#x60;\&quot;+1\&quot;&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

